sometimes I feel making a comparison is
like ripping off a medical adhesive
strip you know it's going to hurt but
sometimes it's needed so yes magnetic
baby by bravery plus has many
similarities to Super Mario Galaxy but
and this is the important part beyond
this the challenging physics-based
puzzle platformer feels like an entirely
different beast for starters the
somewhat bizarre landscape presents a
unique obstacle in more ways than one
ultimately your aim is to collect as
many of the 3 stars on the level as
possible before reaching your girl but
each platform or planetoid possesses a
magnetic field that lose you to its
surface thankfully you can roll your way
around gaining momentum before flinging
yourself off potentially entering into
an orbit or pulling yourself in towards
another platform to continue your quest
the strange shape of each platform
increases the challenge of this task and
this is all before even basic traps such
as spikes or blades enter into the
picture after acquainting yourself with
one of three available control schemes
either tilting your iOS device using a
virtual stick and button or dragging the
screen you'll need to start picking up
some of the tricks of the trade by
learning how to effectively launch
yourself around a platform to gain
momentum learning optimal jump points
for height versus distance and when all
else fails learning how to precisely
time and avoid the many traps that can
get in your way including portals and
lasers it's far from a safe world but
instant restarts provide some suck or
should you fail to stay alive with 63
currently available levels you'll have
plenty of time to gawk over the luscious
hand-painted visual style and detailed
animations of your character as he
responds to your actions either by
getting dizzy grimacing at a speedy
change of direction and taking a rough
landing it's only real short coming is
the inability to shake the feeling that
your success on some levels has more to
do with Blind Luck than that of
considered planning the physics are
incredibly consistent and easy to get a
feel of but at times it also feels like
you're being guided making what would
otherwise seem like a failed jump into a
miracle Hail Mary play where you sweep
up three stars and rescue the girl and
one go later levels do curb this
slightly thanks to the many ways in
which you can die but it's a hard
feeling to shake if you can master the
controls and like a good challenge
wrapped up in a pleasing package
magnetic baby is destined to make a home
on your iOS device
this has been Andrew with apps by com we
review you decide